h1. Google Refine Processor

h2. A programmatic data processing API on top of Google Refine

This is a small Ruby server that interfaces on top of a Google Refine server instance and does data processing. Required as input is a data file and a JSON operation history and the output is a CSV of the cleaned up data.

If you haven't played with Google Refine, check out the amazing "demo videos":http://code.google.com/p/google-refine/.

Refine will record your batch data transformations (refinements?) and let you export them as a JSON object. This small web server will combine those JSON operations with a compatible incoming data stream and use Refine to headlessly clean up the data.

This project uses the "google-refine":https://github.com/maxogden/refine-ruby Ruby gem.

h2. Install

First, download and run "Google Refine":http://code.google.com/p/google-refine/wiki/Downloads

<pre>
  <code>
    git clone git://github.com/maxogden/refine-processor.git && cd refine-processor
    gem install sinatra haml google-refine unicorn
    unicorn config.ru
    open http://localhost:8080
  </code>
</pre>

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Max Ogden

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
